enhnacement to the ARCHITECTURE.md file (#468)
adoptium/ci-jenkins-pipelines: docs/ARCHITECTURE.md

#### Regenerate Jobs

> Jenkins CI jobs are generated by the Jenkins [regeneration pipelines](https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/build-scripts/job/utils/). Generated at <https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/build-scripts/> and their builds coordinate the entire process of nightly and release builds.

Reviewer: I'm still not clear on what the second sentence is telling me.

Author: @karianna 
would rather say "and their builds populate the nightly and release builds "   ?

Reviewer: That's better yes, I also just realised what the "Generated at <https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/build-scripts/>" actually means, that's the location of where the generated jobs are created.  I'll make a proposed commit.

> Jenkins CI jobs are generated by the Jenkins [regeneration pipelines](https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/build-scripts/job/utils/). Generated at <https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/build-scripts/> and their builds coordinate the entire process of nightly and release builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jenkins CI jobs are generated by the Jenkins [regeneration pipelines](https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/build-scripts/job/utils/) and placed into the <https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/job/build-scripts/> location. These builds coordinate the entire process of nightly and release builds.
```
